README.md, before:

## Welcome! 👋
## 🇵🇱 🇵🇱 🇵🇱 <a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/C0m3b4ck/blob/main/README_PL.md>Polska wersja</a>🇵🇱 🇵🇱 🇵🇱 

## C++:
- 🛡️<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/SentinelXP>SentinelXP</a>, a security tool for Windows XP
- 🎵<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/MP3-Player-Linux/>MP3 Player Linux</a>, a C++ MP3 player for Linux, made for a technical project
## Python:
- 🧳<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Racoon-MC-Modpack-Installer>Racoon MC Modpack Installer</a>, a downloader for Minecraft modpacks
- 🔡<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Digraphy>Digraphy</a>, converts digraphs between languages
- 🙂<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Random-Name-Generator>Random Name Generator</a>, generates random people's names
- 🎮<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Whisk-Keyboard-To-Controller-Linux>Whisk Keyboard-To-Controller Linux</a>, converts keyboard and mouse presses into controller mappings
- ⌨️<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Keydash>Keydash</a>, an offline version of TypeRacer
- 🤖<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Vulntest-AI-Agent>Vulntest AI Agent</a>, a Python AI agent for testing out vulnreabilities, very customizable
- 🧼<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Pagewipe-ePub-DRM-Remover>Pagewipe ePub DRM Remover</a>, clean DRM metadata from ePub files
- 🤓<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/PythonAutocorrect>Python Autocorrect</a>, a simple autocorrect in Python
- 🗃️<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Mass-Media-Downloader>Mass Media Downloader</a>, a collection of scripts for mass downloading media from websites, currently supports Internet Archive
- 📚<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Bookworm>Bookworm</a>, a program for book categorization, precompiled for Windows but with support for all Python-supported platforms
## Visual Basic:
- 📘<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Bookworm-VisualBasic>Bookworm: Visual Basic</a>, an implementation of Bookworm in VB6
- 💿<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Discworm>Discworm</a>, a program for playing .mp3 and .exe files in VB6
<br><b><h3>Unfinished:</b></h3>
- 🖩<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Numworm>Numworm</a>, a calculator
- 👁️<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/VBLearn>VBLearn</a>, a program to learn Visual Basic
- 🎙️<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Speech>Speech Demo</a>, both TTS and STT

## Ludum Dare:
- 🍮<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/LDGame58>Scrapfighter</a>, a Ludum Dare 58 game source

Commit message:

Add MartATM project to Visual Basic section

README.md, after:

## Welcome! 👋
## 🇵🇱 🇵🇱 🇵🇱 <a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/C0m3b4ck/blob/main/README_PL.md>Polska wersja</a>🇵🇱 🇵🇱 🇵🇱 

## C++:
- 🛡️<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/SentinelXP>SentinelXP</a>, a security tool for Windows XP
- 🎵<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/MP3-Player-Linux/>MP3 Player Linux</a>, a C++ MP3 player for Linux, made for a technical project
## Python:
- 🧳<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Racoon-MC-Modpack-Installer>Racoon MC Modpack Installer</a>, a downloader for Minecraft modpacks
- 🔡<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Digraphy>Digraphy</a>, converts digraphs between languages
- 🙂<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Random-Name-Generator>Random Name Generator</a>, generates random people's names
- 🎮<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Whisk-Keyboard-To-Controller-Linux>Whisk Keyboard-To-Controller Linux</a>, converts keyboard and mouse presses into controller mappings
- ⌨️<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Keydash>Keydash</a>, an offline version of TypeRacer
- 🤖<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Vulntest-AI-Agent>Vulntest AI Agent</a>, a Python AI agent for testing out vulnreabilities, very customizable
- 🧼<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Pagewipe-ePub-DRM-Remover>Pagewipe ePub DRM Remover</a>, clean DRM metadata from ePub files
- 🤓<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/PythonAutocorrect>Python Autocorrect</a>, a simple autocorrect in Python
- 🗃️<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Mass-Media-Downloader>Mass Media Downloader</a>, a collection of scripts for mass downloading media from websites, currently supports Internet Archive
- 📚<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Bookworm>Bookworm</a>, a program for book categorization, precompiled for Windows but with support for all Python-supported platforms
## Visual Basic:
- 📘<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Bookworm-VisualBasic>Bookworm: Visual Basic</a>, an implementation of Bookworm in VB6
- 💿<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Discworm>Discworm</a>, a program for playing .mp3 and .exe files in VB6
<br><b><h3>Unfinished:</b></h3>
- 🏧<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/MartATM>MartATM</a>, a legacy-compatible ATM project in Visual Basic 6 and COBOL
- 🖩<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Numworm>Numworm</a>, a calculator
- 👁️<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/VBLearn>VBLearn</a>, a program to learn Visual Basic
- 🎙️<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/Speech>Speech Demo</a>, both TTS and STT

## Ludum Dare:
- 🍮<a href=https://github.com/C0m3b4ck/LDGame58>Scrapfighter</a>, a Ludum Dare 58 game source
